                          Album Cover Art Downloader
                 http://unrealvoodoo.org/hiteck/projects/albumart

   Here's a program that will semi-automatically download album
   cover images for your music collection. All you have to do
   is point it at the root of your music directory and for each
   directory, the program will download a set of corresponding
   (well, best guess) album covers from the Internet, from
   which you can choose one that suits your fancy.

   Currently supported image providers:

     * Yahoo! Images
     * Wal-Mart
     * Buy.com

   At least the following programs make use of the cover
   images:

     * KDE, GNOME and others that follow the FreeDesktop.org
       .desktop-entry spec
     * Windows XP Explorer
     * Windows Media Player 9+
     * CDcover, an XMMS plugin
     * CoverViewer, another XMMS plugin.
     * wmalbum, a WindowMaker dock applet
     * Various WinAMP plugins, for example ShowCover.

   In addition, some portable music players can show the cover
   image if it is embedded in the MP3 file.

 Usage

   Click File | Open and navigate to the directory containing
   the albums you want to find cover images for. The program
   will load all the music files under the path you chose and
   sort them into albums.

   If you are feeling lazy, just select Edit | Select All
   followed by Edit | Download missing cover images and sit
   back while the program downloads covers for all the
   directories lacking them. The automatic downloader only
   accepts exact matches while searching covers, so it may miss
   some directories.

   To set a cover manually, pick a directory from the list and
   check that the artist and album fields at the top-right
   corner are sensible. Now click Download Covers. After a few
   seconds you should see a list of cover images on the right.
   If no images are found, try to simplify the artist and album
   fields (e.g. clear the album field completely). You can also
   drop an image from your file manager on the list to use that
   one.

   Go ahead and choose a suitable cover from the list. Finally,
   click Set as Cover to confirm your choice. You can also drag
   and drop the cover image on the albums or music files of your 
   choice.

 Command line options

   -h, --help
          Show summary of options.

   -d, --download
          Download covers for the given path.

   -x, --delete
          Remove covers below the given path.

   -s, --synchronize
          Synchronizes all covers below the given path.

   -H, --hidden
          Don't show a progress dialog while working.

   -i, --summary
          Show summary information when done.

 Internals

   The cover images are in one or more of the following places:

     * folder.jpg for Windows XP
     * .folder.png and an Icon entry in .directory for
       Konqueror, etc.
     * ID3v2 APIC frame, which is embedded into the MP3 files.
     * Additional custom image targets are supported

